README.md, before:

# Thoothu - Love Messenger of Tamil Nadu 💕

A beautiful, romantic web application where people can anonymously confess their love and have messages delivered through various contact methods.

## Features

- 🔐 Google OAuth authentication
- 💌 Anonymous love confession forms
- 📱 Multiple contact methods (Call, WhatsApp, Email, Instagram)
- 📧 Automatic email notifications to admin
- 🎨 Beautiful, romantic UI with Tamil cultural elements
- 📱 Fully responsive design
- ✨ Smooth animations and micro-interactions

## Setup Instructions

### Current Status

The application is currently set up for demo purposes. To enable actual email sending:

1. Set up a Supabase project
2. Deploy the edge function
3. Configure the Resend API key
4. Update the environment variables

### 1. Email Service Setup (Resend)

1. Go to [Resend](https://resend.com) and create an account
2. Get your API key from the dashboard
3. Add your API key to the environment variables

### 2. Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in your project root:

```env
RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key_here
```

### 3. Supabase Edge Function Deployment

If you're using Supabase:

1. Make sure you have the Supabase CLI installed
2. Deploy the edge function:
   ```bash
   supabase functions deploy send-love-message
   ```
3. Set the environment variable in Supabase:
   ```bash
   supabase secrets set RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key_here
   ```

### 4. Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## How It Works

1. **Login**: Users authenticate with Google
2. **Form**: Fill out comprehensive love confession form
3. **Submit**: Form data is sent to Supabase Edge Function
4. **Email**: Beautiful HTML email is sent to gokulsrg3@gmail.com
5. **Success**: User sees confirmation page

## Email Template

The application sends beautifully formatted HTML emails containing:
- Sender details (name, phone, gender)
- Recipient details (name, gender)
- Love message
- Contact method and details
- Timestamp and source information

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Email Service**: Resend API
- **Serverless Functions**: Supabase Edge Functions
- **Deployment**: Netlify

## Contact

For any questions or support, please contact: gokulsrg3@gmail.com

---

Made with ❤️ for spreading love across Tamil Nadu

Commit message:

Fix email sending to admin

README.md, after:

# Thoothu - Love Messenger of Tamil Nadu 💕

A beautiful, romantic web application where people can anonymously confess their love and have messages delivered through various contact methods.

## Features

- 🔐 Google OAuth authentication
- 💌 Anonymous love confession forms
- 📱 Multiple contact methods (Call, WhatsApp, Email, Instagram)
- 📧 Automatic email notifications to admin
- 🎨 Beautiful, romantic UI with Tamil cultural elements
- 📱 Fully responsive design
- ✨ Smooth animations and micro-interactions

## Setup Instructions

### Current Status

The application is currently set up for demo purposes. To enable actual email sending:

1. Set up a Supabase project
2. Deploy the edge function
3. Configure the Resend API key
4. Update the environment variables

### 1. Email Service Setup (Resend)

1. Go to [Resend](https://resend.com) and create an account
2. Get your API key from the dashboard
3. Add your API key to the environment variables

### 2. Environment Variables

Create a `.env` file in your project root:

```env
RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key_here
```

### 3. Supabase Edge Function Deployment

If you're using Supabase:

1. Make sure you have the Supabase CLI installed
2. Deploy the edge function:
   ```bash
   supabase functions deploy send-love-message
   ```
3. Set the environment variable in Supabase:
   ```bash
   supabase secrets set RESEND_API_KEY=your_resend_api_key_here
   ```

### 4. Local Development

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

## How It Works

1. **Login**: Users authenticate with Google
2. **Form**: Fill out comprehensive love confession form
3. **Submit**: Form data is sent via Formspree to gokulsrg3@gmail.com
4. **Email**: Email notification is sent to admin
5. **Success**: User sees confirmation page
6. **Admin Panel**: View all submissions via admin panel

## Viewing Submitted Data

### Method 1: Admin Panel (Recommended)
1. Go to the form page
2. Click "Admin Panel" link below the main heading
3. View all submissions with detailed information
4. Export data to CSV if needed

### Method 2: Browser Console
1. Open Developer Tools (F12)
2. Go to Console tab
3. Submit a form to see the logged data

### Method 3: Email Notifications
- All form submissions are automatically sent to gokulsrg3@gmail.com
- Check your email inbox for new love message notifications
## Email Template

The application sends beautifully formatted HTML emails containing:
- Sender details (name, phone, gender)
- Recipient details (name, gender)
- Love message
- Contact method and details
- Timestamp and source information

## Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React + TypeScript + Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Email Service**: Resend API
- **Serverless Functions**: Supabase Edge Functions
- **Deployment**: Netlify

## Contact

For any questions or support, please contact: gokulsrg3@gmail.com

---

Made with ❤️ for spreading love across Tamil Nadu
